docs: add expiration info to personal access tokens (#346)
okteto/docs: src/content/cloud/personal-access-tokens.mdx

Personal Access Tokens are useful when scripting, or when configuring [Preview Environments](cloud/preview-environments/overview.mdx).

> > Tokens are valid for 180 days since their creation. 

Reviewer: I think we need more than the message.

I think we should add a section on token expiration and explain what happens on expiration, the notification a user will get, and what action is expected. If this is planned on a future doc, please ignore.

> > Tokens are valid for 180 days since their creation. 

Reviewer: "A token is valid for 180 days. Once it expires, you'll need to delete it and create a new one."

> > Tokens are valid for 180 days since their creation. This applies for both [Okteto Cloud](https://cloud.okteto.com) and [Okteto Self-Hosted](self-hosted.mdx).

Reviewer: We don't need to specify when it applies to both.
```suggestion
> Tokens are valid for 180 days since their creation. 
```

> Warning: Treat your tokens like passwords and keep them secret. Always use tokens as environment variables instead of hardcoding them into your programs.

### Token Expiration

> A token is valid for 180 days. Once it expires, you will need to delete it and create a new one.

> Once a token has expired or is about to expire (in less than a week), a banner will be presented alerting you to the fact, so you can take the appropriate measures, like rotating it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A banner will be displayed a week before your token expires to remind you of this.  We recommend that you take the appropriate measures once you see this banner in order to prevent any potential disruptions.
```
